To use your Fertile Affirmations®, find a comfortable space to be with your intentions and thoughts. While breathing deeply and slowly, allow yourself to be drawn into the delicate Fertile Affirmations® painting. Gently observe the colors, the breath of life, and the many other symbols of fertility. Become enveloped into its womb like peace. When you are ready, choose your card from the deck or allow your card to choose you. It will be the perfect affirmation to focus on in this moment. Fertile Affirmations® are the wisdom and support needed wherever you are on your journey.
Let your affirmation choose you by selecting "Affirmation" from the menu. After receiving your affirmation, consider favoriting the card by pressing the hollow heart at the bottom in order to quickly find this card again in the future.**Access the collection of all 56 Fertile Affirmations by selecting the "Collection" option from the menu.
Selecting a card from this collection will allow you to view and swipe through all of the cards in the deck followed by your custom affirmations.**By pressing the icon located in the upper right hand corner of your screen, you are able to view the cards face up or face down.
In the collection, you have the option to create your own personal affirmation by selecting "Create Card" on the bottom right. If you have changed your mind while creating the card, press the x located next to the checkmark at the top of the screen.
By pressing "My Creations," only your custom affirmations will display in the collection. Selecting one of these cards will enlarge the card on the screen. Pressing the trash can icon and confirming your decision will delete the created card. Note: you can only delete custom affirmations.**Selecting "Back to Collection" will return you to your collection.
You can also create your own cards by selecting the "Custom Affirmation" option in the menu.**Selecting the "Favorites" option in the menu will only load all affirmations that you have favorited.**Selecting the "Instructions" option will give you a detailed explanation on how to prepare yourself to receive your affirmation.
Selecting the "Remind Me" will prompt you with a screen where you can choose a time to be notified of your daily affirmation. Once you receive the notification, you may click on the notification to open the Fertile Affirmations® application and automatically receive your daily affirmation.**Selecting the "Reset" option will wipe the application of all custom affirmations, unfavorite all favorited cards, and prompt you to once again select your preference.
Fertile Affirmations were developed by Windy Ezzell, a Licensed Professional Counselor in Wilmington, North Carolina, who has an extensive background in reproductive health and family building. Proceed to Fertile Affirmations® website by selecting "Learn More" from the menu.**Purchase your own physical Fertile Affirmations® deck by selecting "Purchase Deck" from the menu.
